Add release notes for Docker Desktop 4.5.1 (#14265)
docker/docker.github.io: desktop/windows/release-notes/index.md

Take a look at the [Docker Public Roadmap](https://github.com/docker/roadmap/projects/1){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"} to see what's coming next.

## Docker Desktop 4.5.1

> 2022-02-14

Reviewer: @mat007 we need to update the release date

Take a look at the [Docker Public Roadmap](https://github.com/docker/roadmap/projects/1){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"} to see what's coming next.

## Docker Desktop 4.5.1
2022-02-14

> Download Docker Desktop
>
> [For
> Windows](https://desktop.docker.com/win/main/amd64/Docker%20Desktop%20Installer.exe?utm_source=docker&utm_medium=webreferral&utm_campaign=docs-driven-download-win-amd64){:
> .button .primary-btn }

### Bug fixes and minor changes

- Fixed an issue that caused new installations to default to the Hyper-V backend instead of WSL 2.
- Fixed a crash in the Docker Dashboard which would make the systray menu disappear.

If you are running Docker Desktop on Windows Home, installing 4.5.1 will switch it back to WSL 2 automatically. If you are running another version of Windows, and you want Docker Desktop to use the WSL 2 backend, you must manually switch by enabling the **Use the WSL 2 based engine** option in the **Settings > General** section.

> 

Author: @stephen-turner suggests we had something like
```
Alternatively you can edit the Docker Desktop settings file and manually switch the value of the `wslEngineEnabled` field to `true`.
```
@usha-mandya any thought?

Reviewer 2: I like that except let's give the actual path name of the file.

Reviewer: @mat007 Sounds good. I'd also include the location of the settings file.

"Alternatively, you can edit the Docker Desktop settings file located at `<location of the json file`  and manually switch the value of the `wslEngineEnabled` field to `true`."

Author: Ah sorry, I had rephrased it in the meanwhile as well:
> Alternatively with Docker Desktop 4.5.0, you can edit the `%APPDATA%\Docker\settings.json` file and switch the value of the `wslEngineEnabled` field to `true`, then restart Docker Desktop.

Author: I have used your version, Usha.

Take a look at the [Docker Public Roadmap](https://github.com/docker/roadmap/projects/1){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"} to see what's coming next.

## Docker Desktop 4.5.1
2022-02-14

> Download Docker Desktop
>
> [For
> Windows](https://desktop.docker.com/win/main/amd64/Docker%20Desktop%20Installer.exe?utm_source=docker&utm_medium=webreferral&utm_campaign=docs-driven-download-win-amd64){:
> .button .primary-btn }

### Bug fixes and minor changes

> - Fixed new installation defaulting to the Hyper-V backend instead of WSL 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that caused new installations to default to the Hyper-V backend instead of WSL 2.
```

> - Fixed a crash in the Dashboard which would make the systray menu disappear as well

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a crash in the Docker Dashboard which would make the systray menu disappear.
```

> Docker Desktop 4.5.0 has a bug where fresh installations default to the Hyper-V backend instead of WSL 2.

Author: What about I just remove the first sentence and keeping the rest, without the «Note»?

> If you are running Docker Desktop on Windows Home, installing 4.5.1 will switch it back to WSL 2 automatically. If you are running another version of Windows, and you want Docker Desktop to use the WSL 2 backend, you must manually switch by enabling the **Use the WSL 2 based engine** option in the **Settings > General** section.

By the way, should there be a space between `>` and `General`?

> Docker Desktop 4.5.0 has a bug where fresh installations default to the Hyper-V backend instead of WSL 2.

Author: I updated the PR with that ☝️, but I’m happy to change if you think it’s better with a «Note».
